[SDK-3811] Push Automation Docs (#5852)
braze-inc/braze-docs: _docs/_developer_guide/platform_integration_guides/swift/advanced_use_cases/linking.md

#### Universal links

Braze supports universal links in push notifications, in-app messages, and content cards. To enable universal link support, you must set the [`configuration.forwardUniversalLinks`](https://braze-inc.github.io/braze-swift-sdk/documentation/brazekit/braze/configuration-swift.class/forwarduniversallinks) to `true`.

When enabled, Braze will forward universal links to your app's `AppDelegate` via the [`application:continueUserActivity:restorationHandler:`][15] method. 

> Your application also needs to be correctly setup to handle universal links. Refer to [Apple's documentation][11] for more information.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Your application also needs to be set up to handle universal links. Refer to [Apple's documentation][11] to ensure your application is configured correctly for universal links.
```

> {% alert warning %}

Reviewer 2: Could I ask what this does?

> Universal link forwarding does not work with the simulator. See the [`forwardUniversalLinks`](https://braze-inc.github.io/braze-swift-sdk/documentation/brazekit/braze/configuration-swift.class/forwarduniversallinks) documentation to add support for simulator builds.

Author: When enabled, this configuration has no effects when running your application in the simulator (some info we rely on are not available by default in simulator builds).
In the linked documentation ([staging url](https://lowip.github.io/braze-swift-sdk/documentation/brazekit/braze/configuration-swift.class/forwarduniversallinks/), there's an extra step that the client can perform to make that feature work with simulator builds.

Maybe we can write something like this instead:

> Universal link forwarding requires access to the application entitlements. When running the application in a simulator, these entitlements are not directly available and universal links are not forwarded to the system handlers.
> To add support to simulator builds, you can add the application `.entitlements` file to the _Copy Bundle Resources_ build phase. See [`forwardUniversalLinks`](https://braze-inc.github.io/braze-swift-sdk/documentation/brazekit/braze/configuration-swift.class/forwarduniversallinks) documentation for more details.

> Universal link forwarding does not work with the simulator. See the [`forwardUniversalLinks`](https://braze-inc.github.io/braze-swift-sdk/documentation/brazekit/braze/configuration-swift.class/forwarduniversallinks) documentation to add support for simulator builds.

Reviewer 3: That new proposed wording SGTM 👍

> Universal link forwarding does not work with the simulator. See the [`forwardUniversalLinks`](https://braze-inc.github.io/braze-swift-sdk/documentation/brazekit/braze/configuration-swift.class/forwarduniversallinks) documentation to add support for simulator builds.

Author: Updated

> Universal link forwarding does not work with the simulator. See the [`forwardUniversalLinks`](https://braze-inc.github.io/braze-swift-sdk/documentation/brazekit/braze/configuration-swift.class/forwarduniversallinks) documentation to add support for simulator builds.

Reviewer: Thanks for helping me understand!

When enabled, Braze will forward universal links to your app's `AppDelegate` via the [`application:continueUserActivity:restorationHandler:`][15] method. 

Your application also needs to be set up to handle universal links. Refer to [Apple's documentation][11] to ensure your application is configured correctly for universal links.

{% alert warning %}
Universal link forwarding requires access to the application entitlements. When running the application in a simulator, these entitlements are not directly available and universal links are not forwarded to the system handlers.
To add support to simulator builds, you can add the application `.entitlements` file to the _Copy Bundle Resources_ build phase. See [`forwardUniversalLinks`](https://braze-inc.github.io/braze-swift-sdk/documentation/brazekit/braze/configuration-swift.class/forwarduniversallinks) documentation for more details.
{% endalert %}

{% alert note %}

> The SDK does not query your domains' `apple-app-site-association` files. It performs the differentiation between universal links and regular URLs by looking at the domain name only. As a result, the SDK does not respect any exclusion rule defined in the `apple-app-site-association` per [Supporting associated domains](https://developer.apple.com/documentation/xcode/supporting-associated-domains).

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
The SDK does not query your domains' `apple-app-site-association` file. It performs the differentiation between universal links and regular URLs by looking at the domain name only. As a result, the SDK does not respect any exclusion rule defined in the `apple-app-site-association` per [Supporting associated domains](https://developer.apple.com/documentation/xcode/supporting-associated-domains).
```

is this meant to be plural?

Author: Should be singular, thanks!
